c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\PrinterSettings.exe
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\PrinterSettings.exe.config
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CSharp.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\System.Data.DataSetExtensions.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\System.Data.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\System.Data.Linq.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\System.Deployment.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\System.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\System.Drawing.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\System.Management.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\System.Printing.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Forms.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\System.Xml.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.xml
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.xml
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.xml
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.xml
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.xml
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\obj\Debug\PrinterSettings.Form1.resources
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\obj\Debug\PrinterSettings.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\obj\Debug\PrinterSettings.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\obj\Debug\PrinterSettings.exe.licenses
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\obj\Debug\PrinterSettings.exe
c:\users\atilim2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\obj\Debug\PrinterSettings.pdb
C:\Users\ATILIM2\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\bin\Debug\PrinterSettings.pdb
C:\Users\ATILIM2\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PrinterSettings\PrinterSettings\obj\Debug\PrinterSettings.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
